docs/tips-and-tricks.md, before:

# Tips and Tricks

For more information about Campaigns, please see [here](campaigns-and-modules).

[icon-pencil]: icons/pencil.png 
[icon-highlighter]: icons/highlighter.png
[icon-eraser]: icons/eraser.png
[icon-undo]: icons/undo.png
[icon-move]: icons/move.png
[icon-move-restricted]: icons/move-restricted.png
[icon-select]: icons/select.png
[icon-snap]: icons/snap.png
[icon-reveal]: icons/reveal.png
[icon-hide]: icons/hide.png
[icon-layers]: icons/layers.png
[icon-markers]: icons/markers.png 
[icon-settings]: icons/settings.png
[icon-share]: icons/share.png
[icon-fog-free]: icons/fog-free.png
[icon-fog-rect]: icons/fog-rect.png
[icon-add]: icons/add.png
[icon-more]: icons/more.png
[icon-library]: icons/library.png
[icon-search]: icons/search.png
[icon-load]: icons/load.png
[icon-initiative]: icons/initiative.png
[icon-edit]: icons/edit.png
[icon-copy]: icons/copy.png
[icon-delete]: icons/delete.png

[button-insert]: buttons/insert.png
[button-start]: buttons/start.png
[button-stop]: buttons/stop.png
[button-reset]: buttons/reset.png
[button-save]: buttons/save.png
[button-previous]: buttons/previous.png
[button-next]: buttons/next.png
[button-initiative]: buttons/initiative.png
[button-randomize]: buttons/randomize.png
[button-reset]: buttons/reset.png

Commit message:

External Tools
Not sure if this is the right place for this but was cleaning up discord and wanted to document these suggestions. We can leave them in discord or put them somewhere else.

docs/tips-and-tricks.md, after:

# Tips and Tricks

## Beyond20 - Remote Dice Rolling with Dndbeyond + Discord
For players that utilize Dndbeyond and Discord to run online games, we recommend the Beyond20 plugin.
https://beyond20.here-for-more.info/

## Airplay Screensharing Recommendations
The Encounter Plus community has found success with the following two tools:
### [AirServer](https://www.airserver.com/)
Regardless of if you're on Mac or PC, this app allows you to airplay to a computer and share that screen.
### [Zoom](https://zoom.us/)
This video conferencing tool offers the ability to airplay directly to it, regardless of PC or Mac, and allows for marking up the shared video.

[icon-pencil]: icons/pencil.png 
[icon-highlighter]: icons/highlighter.png
[icon-eraser]: icons/eraser.png
[icon-undo]: icons/undo.png
[icon-move]: icons/move.png
[icon-move-restricted]: icons/move-restricted.png
[icon-select]: icons/select.png
[icon-snap]: icons/snap.png
[icon-reveal]: icons/reveal.png
[icon-hide]: icons/hide.png
[icon-layers]: icons/layers.png
[icon-markers]: icons/markers.png 
[icon-settings]: icons/settings.png
[icon-share]: icons/share.png
[icon-fog-free]: icons/fog-free.png
[icon-fog-rect]: icons/fog-rect.png
[icon-add]: icons/add.png
[icon-more]: icons/more.png
[icon-library]: icons/library.png
[icon-search]: icons/search.png
[icon-load]: icons/load.png
[icon-initiative]: icons/initiative.png
[icon-edit]: icons/edit.png
[icon-copy]: icons/copy.png
[icon-delete]: icons/delete.png

[button-insert]: buttons/insert.png
[button-start]: buttons/start.png
[button-stop]: buttons/stop.png
[button-reset]: buttons/reset.png
[button-save]: buttons/save.png
[button-previous]: buttons/previous.png
[button-next]: buttons/next.png
[button-initiative]: buttons/initiative.png
[button-randomize]: buttons/randomize.png
[button-reset]: buttons/reset.png
